hey guys welcome to another video and
this is my birthday video and we're
gonna open a card first
my grandma good space to a special boy I
am so happy to be here for your eleventh
birthday Nathan I hope you have the best
birthday in the whole universe hope
y'all have many days more happy days
love grandma thank you grandma now this
is from an antique today's your birthday
ah the pig's head cat it's time for cake
and candles and birthday presents to our
hand time for Hep B wishes for an
awesome boy at you
happy birthday have fun number I love a
happy birthday Nathan happy auntie could
send this day spend this day with you I
just want to let you know that your one
has not learned to read it is always a
joy to watch and be with you up empty I
just wanted to let you know that you
humor me with your fantastic creativity
and I got ten dollar gift card so now
this present
car blade cycle I really like this it's
got red Allah you've got the hypnobrai
staff and then and I got $10 for my
uncle
Thank You uncle mango and here is the
rest of it and here is the rest of the
features now we're going to rip open
this next box doesn't say who is from my
grant on my auntie I got cards plays
uncle now I got this it's some spinning
and then we open this and I don't know
it is for your story right oh okay thank
you
it was out from my brother he got me
this to star on my action figures and
accessories holds up over 20 figures
now this next box
I second like the double whammy another
one okay that's it five